---
permalink: /privacy/
title: "Privacy Policy"
---
Last updated: January 9, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.  We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  

Definitions

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Whistler Networks Inc.

Country refers to Canada.

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Messaging Platform is a third-party service for messaging collaboration including Microsoft Teams, Slack, Webex, and Zoom.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to applications of the Company which operate in conjunction with a Messaging Platform, including Shared Thread.

Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.

Website refers to https://www.wni.app.

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Microsoft Bot Framework

Our Service is enabled by Microsoft Bot Framework. The Microsoft Bot Framework is a set of web-services that enable intelligent services and connections using conversation channels You authorize. As a service provider, Microsoft will transmit content You provide to our Service in order to enable the Service. For more information about Microsoft privacy policies please see their privacy statement. In addition, your interactions with this Service are also subject to the conversational channel's applicable terms of use, privacy and data collection policies. To report abuse when using a bot that uses the Microsoft Bot Framework to Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft Bot Framework website and use the “Report Abuse” link in the menu to contact Microsoft.

Collecting Your Data

While using Our Service, We may collect Personal Data that can be used to contact or identify You, including, but not limited to, Your name, email address, and user ID on the Messaging Platform being used with Our Service.  We also collect Usage Data each time you interact with the Service to monitor consumption for licensing and performance analysis.  For example, in Shared Thread We record the fact that a message was sent by You, but not the content of the message itself.

While visiting Our Website, We may collect Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

Using Your Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. 

For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

To contact You regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.

For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.

For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.

For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.

With other users: when You send messages to other users of the Service, your personal information (e.g. name and email address) will be shared with them so they know the origin of the message.  

With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

Storage, Retention, and Deletion of Your Data

The Service Provider for storing Your Personal Data is Microsoft.  We use the Microsoft 365 cloud platform for communication with You via email or chat and also store Your name and email address here to maintain a record of users for licensing of our products and responding to support requests.  We use the Microsoft Azure cloud platform for the operational storage requirements of the Service, such as the routing information needed to send messages in Shared Thread.

Your Data is only accessible to only those system administrators and support technicians who require access to the data to monitor system performance and troubleshoot problems on Your behalf.

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

Once We no longer need to retain Your Personal Data or Usage Data, it will be deleted from all locations in which it is stored.

Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.  Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation

Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company

Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service

Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public

Protect against legal liability

Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.  We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.  You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.   Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email.